The vermin traitor has finally died, eh?
He was vermin… and persistent as a cockroach.
Don't laugh at Obito!
Naruto…
Naruto… If you keep resisting,
you'll end up pitifully crumbling to ash just like him!
As someone who tried to become Hokage, Obito is…
…nothing but awesome to me!
No way!
I can't move!
I don't even have much strength left,
and yet, I was left behind again?
Are you all right, Rin? Kakashi?
Obito!
Don't…
It's okay, Kakashi.
I don't think I can make it…
My right side is totally crushed.
I can't even feel anything…
Damn it!
I'm giving you my Sharingan.
Whatever the village may say… you are…a great jonin.
That's how I really feel…
So please accept it.
Kakashi…
– Rin! – Rin!
Again, you…
Thank you, Rin.
Obito and I will be joining you shortly.
We can catch up then, the three of us together…
Rin…
This time, let's…
spend some alone time together. Just you and me…
Kakashi would just be in the way.
I'll leave him here.
This is…Kamui!
Obito! You!
Kakashi… you stay here a little while longer.
Don't you rush to follow us!
Why, Obito?
What am I even here for?
THE SHARINGAN REVIVED
This is embarrassing… Screwing up like that in front of you.
It looks like you've calmed down a bit.
Okay, Obito.
Rin, do you mind waiting just a bit longer?
Obito?
Only a little bit before we move on…
I'd like to make one more detour along the way.
Who do you want to save this time?
Kakashi.
I've finally gotten alone time with you.
It'll be wasted if he ends up coming here right away.
Besides… He's out there helpless.
Just like his namesake, he's a scarecrow in the middle of a garden…
And I'm sort of annoyed by it.
Despite all that's happened, you two are still close, huh?
N-No way!
We're oil and water!
So?
You can go just like that?
Yeah…
Chakra is an energy that connects two worlds.
I'm gonna go see Kakashi!
I'll be waiting right here.
Sorry, Rin! I'll be right back!
Obito?!
Before I go to the next world, I thought I'd emphasize to you…
to not to come running after me so quickly.
Besides, it's going to keep bothering me
if this eye I gave you to celebrate your promotion to jonin,
came back to me.
Obito, you…
Then again, it's not like I'll be springing back to life anymore.
More importantly,
you know how I told Naruto to become Hokage?
I meant to say as the Seventh.
You be the Sixth Hokage, Kakashi.
I know you haven't taken office yet, but I'm giving you your gift now.
It has a fixed time limit, but it isn't useless.
Do you get what I'm saying?
I mean…you haven't forgotten your famous nickname
that's known throughout the lands, have you?
That name, Kakashi of the Sharingan!
Let's do this, guys!
Mmhm.
Yes!
Yup!
All right!
Roger.
Sure thing!
Gotcha!
Yeah!
Here we go!
Sage Art: Super Tailed Beast Rasen-Shuriken!
Nice, Naruto!
There's no way they can come out of that unscathed.
Oh no! Don't tell me Mother's—!
What's that?
She turned into another gigantic thing?
What is that?
A wolf? Tanuki?
Badger? Or a rabbit?
It doesn't matter. Now it's easier to get close.
And it'll be easier to seal her!
It's not…humanoid?
Mother didn't transform into Ten Tails of her own will.
Are the Tailed Beasts within her resonating
in response to Naruto's attack and starting to split apart?
They're not stable!
Sasuke, don't get grabbed by that white hand!
It will absorb you instantly!
And it's fast too!
I know that!
Sasuke!
Protect Sakura with your Visual Prowess!
All right, way to go!
A Susano'o?! Whose was it?
W-What? That wasn't you?!
What's going on?!
Kakashi Sensei!
Thank you…Obito.
That's impossible. No way!
Sure it is!
We are talking about the Copy Ninja, Kakashi of the Sharingan!
But he shouldn't have the Sharingan anymore…
I don't get it, but he saved me!
You watch along with me.
This time, I'll protect them…
and the world!
Here it comes!
How about this?
Combining the power of the Kamui into… shuriken!
Kamui Shuriken!
Just as I thought…
Gaining Six Path's power enhances one's Visual Prowess too!
This power… It's Obito's Sharingan?
But why does Kakashi Sensei have it?
Wow!
That's more amazing than yours, Sasuke!
This chakra is—!
This Root Time-Space is Mother's exclusive domain,
where she can directly extract chakra
from shinobi trapped in the Infinite Tsukuyomi!
The Tailed Beasts are now stable,
and Mother has even produced a Truthseeker Orb…
An Expansive Kekkei Moura Truthseeker Orb
that contains each and every nature…
Wind, fire, earth, lightning, water, shadow, and light.
It is the beginning of a new Time-Space.
And you all will become its sacrifice!
That thing!
It's the same sphere as the one behind me!
The difference in size is too drastic!
And it's growing rapidly!
I definitely can't teleport away such a gigantic object with the Kamui.
Even if we get out of this Time-Space and escape temporarily…
If that thing becomes too big, we won't be able to return here.
In order to stop that…
We need to seal that Rabbit Granny away right now!
You're right.
Gather 'round. I've got a plan.
This will be our last mission as the former Squad 7!
We're going to save the world!
Yeah!
Roger!
I am immortal.
If either of you die, you cannot seal me away.
Now then...
Which shall it be?
You're mine, damn it!
No, we attack her together.
She's scared of being sealed and her attention will be divided!
Take me part of the way. Then I'll fly the rest of the way.
Right!
So fast!
Mother just gained more power.
Both her power and speed are now exponentially greater!
Being able to pass through things, really is a handy ability, Obito…
And now, I can resurrect this move too!
Kamui Lightning Blade!
Mother!
This is bad! Her right arm!
There's not enough time to escape into another Time-Space!
Then!
So they were both Ashura's reincarnates, after all.
They must have, switched back then.
So then, the one on the right is the real one!
Kamui!
Not good.
I'll go to the Ice World… No…
The Indra reincarnate possesses the Amaterasu…
That wouldn't be good!
Don't forget about me! We're both women…
so don't mock me!
Naruto…Sasuke…Sakura!
A silly prank…
Still, if this prank was the result of teamwork…
He fell for it!
So Naruto's the perp.
I'm so sorry, Sensei. I tried to stop him, but Naruto…
Sakura makes excuses and tries to protect herself.
Sasuke minds his own business.
He probably doesn't consider them comrades.
There's not a shred of teamwork…
How do I put this…
My first impression of you guys is not good!
I'll go! I'll go!
I'm Naruto Uzumaki! I love instant ramen.
But I love the ramen at Ichiraku that Iruka Sensei treats me to even more!
And I hate having to wait three minutes after pouring in the hot water.
My future dream is…
to surpass the Hokage!
And that's why
I'm going to make everyone in the village acknowledge me!
My name is Sasuke Uchiha.
I have lots of dislikes, but no likes in particular.
And I don't feel like summing up my ambition as just a dream,
but I do have an ambition.
The ambition to restore my clan and to kill a certain man without fail!
I'm Sakura Haruno.
What I like… I mean, who I like is…
My future dream is…
They're all wrapped up in themselves.
They're far from working together as a team.
Although we were just like that…
Oh well, I'll just have to do what I can.
Yup… You guys make a pretty picture right now.
Now!
Cha!
All right!
I really love you guys!
We finally made it out!
Kurama! Your Jinchuriki sure gets it done!
Now it's happily ever after!
Yeah!
Hold on a sec! What about us?
How are we supposed to get out of this Time-Space?
Oh, you're right!
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "Congratulations"
But…he's still pretty dumb, isn't he?
CONGRATULATIONS Tune in again!